How dare you hit my son Sun Meifeng?
If you dare
We Zhaojiacun people fight together
See who can beat who
It can't just be that way.
You can't let go of Zhao Ruolan's bitch
Your son's grades are cancelled
I'm Ruolan, it's his fault
He brought it upon himself.
Obviously it's that bitch Zhao Ruolan
He is something I tell you
Hand him over now
Otherwise you're all screwed
10 million in this card
As long as you get out of the way
The 10 million is yours
Zhao Ruolan ruined my son's future
I must make this bitch pay
I can also leave a grim reaper for your village
I won't see the Olympics in the future, and I'll give you three lives to compete
Otherwise, not only will you get nothing
The winner will be rewarded
Did you hear it clearly?
I should know how to choose.